and it is Chevy time look at this truck
so 2003 chevy silverado 1500 HD heavy
duty whole floor doors 6-litre v8 4x4
this is the truck let's take a walk
around and look at this
a nice bug deflector on the front chrome
bumper fog lights they're in good shape
all the lenses are in good shape Nate's
got a great shine to it normally in
Florida get a little bit of Sun fate but
this truck was really well taken care of
you'll see as we continue to walk around
and then once you see the interior and
hear how it runs this is the truck for
you got the frame mounted towing hitch
on the back so that's great any kind of
trailer if you do some work you have a
boat or a camper it's a great setup it's
what you really need try to show you
here I'm a little picky this may not be
too big of a deal to anyone else but we
want to point out a little scratch right
here maybe about two or three inches
long not a big deal little dinged you
know pretty normal not any kind of issue
just want to point it out to you beds
got a rhino liner that's the painted in
bedliner stuff is tough as nails great
setup really done the way that the
previous owner wanted it he kept it nice
it's a nice truck got the tinted windows
four full doors chrome wheels let's go
ahead and take a look inside this truck
is loaded with features so they take
some time to show you all of them there
you got the power driver's seat up a
full console let's go ahead and start
this bad boy up
give you a shot of the miles right there
at all controls here on the door power
windows power mirrors power locks let's
see this one's got the optional Bose
radio system up here on the dash
push-button controls for 4x4 got
automatic 4x4 truck senses a little bit
of slip and bad weather snow slush
anything like that 4x4 is gonna kick
right in it's a great feature to have is
the head unit for the bose stereo system
that dual-zone climate control so you
could set it how you want your passenger
have warm or cold and the ice
conditioning in here sorry the air
conditioning in your ice cold where
console check this out
nonsmoker there's nothing else to be
said about that got a trailer brake
control here it's a nice aftermarket
add-on let you control the brakes on
your trailer got an auto dimming mirror
built-in compass and temperature may be
a little hard to see in this video works
just as it should
nice 83 degrees today 83 degrees in
February should come on down to Pompano
Beach
backseat is clean over here you got
air-conditioning events and auxiliary
stereo controls plug in headphones and
the people in the back they can listen
to to a CD or they can listen to the
radio you don't have to have it on
upfront it's great for your work crew
great for your kids tinted windows back
here go fold-down armrest with another
cup holder that's nice this is a really
nice truck let's try to give you a shot
of the headliner they're nice and clean
no rips no tears no stains
go ahead give you a look at the motor
here six litre Vortech well tricky to do
with one hand while holding a camera
look at that
talking 300 horsepower smooth running v8
that you walk around this truck it's
just so nice to get another little quick
walk around here good tires all around
see if we can see that pretty meaty nice
ready to go
it should pop onto our website wwlp.com
check out a lot of photos of this truck
get some more information find out how
to contact us with any questions you
might have check out some of our other
nice inventory of cars and trucks thanks
for looking